Some example text for the first exercise, taken from Wikipedia.

"With a Little Help from My Friends" is a song by the Beatles, written by 
Paul McCartney and John Lennon, from the album Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts 
Club Band issued worldwide in June 1967. The song was written for and sung by 
the Beatles' drummer Ringo Starr as the character "Billy Shears". The song, 
paired with "Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band" and featuring "A Day in the 
Life" as its B-side, was reissued as a single in the U.S. in August 
1978 (#71) and in the U.K. in September 1978 (#63). "With a Little Help from 
My Friends" was ranked No. 311 on Rolling Stone's list of the 500 Greatest 
Songs of All Time.

Lennon and McCartney finished writing this song in mid-March 1967,[2] written 
specifically as Starr's track for the album. McCartney said: "It was pretty 
much co-written, John and I doing a work song for Ringo, a little craft job." 
In 1970 Lennon stated: "Paul had the line about 'a little help from my friends.' 
He had some kind of structure for it, and we wrote it pretty well fifty-fifty 
from his original idea.", but in 1980 Lennon said: "This is Paul, with a little 
help from me. 'What do you see when you turn out the light/ I can't tell you, 
but I know it's mine...' is mine."[3] It was briefly called "Bad Finger Boogie" 
(later the inspiration for the band name Badfinger),[4] supposedly because 
Lennon composed the melody on a piano using his middle finger after having 
hurt his forefinger.

Lennon and McCartney deliberately wrote a tune with a limited range - except 
for the last note, which McCartney worked closely with Starr to achieve. 
Speaking in the Anthology, Starr insisted on changing the first line which 
originally was "What would you think if I sang out of tune? Would you throw 
ripe tomatoes at me?"; he changed the lyric so that fans would not throw 
tomatoes at him should he perform it live. (In the early days, after George 
Harrison made a passing comment that he liked jelly babies, the group was 
showered with them at all of their live performances.)

The song's composition is unusually well documented as Hunter Davies was 
present and described the writing process in the Beatles' official biography.

The song is partly in the form of a conversation in which the other three 
Beatles sing a question - e.g. "Would you believe in a love at first sight?" 
where Starr answers, "Yes, I'm certain that it happens all the time."
